Update rbac.md (#522)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/runai-setup/access-control/rbac.md

### Roles

> A role is a combination of entities and actions. The role defines which set of actions (CRUD) is permitted on the platform entities. Run:ai supports several predefined roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A role is a combination of entities and actions. The role defines which set of actions (Create, Read, Update, Delete - CRUD) are permitted on the platform entities. Run:ai supports several predefined roles.
```

Permissions:    **C** = Create, **R** = Read, **U** = Update, **D** = Delete

> Entities: Entities are granular parts of the pltform that can be controled seperatly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entities&mdash;granular parts of the pltform that can be controled separately. 
```
